Plugin initialization and configuration (#408)
veraison/services: vts/cmd/vts-service/README.md

- `dir`: path to the directory that will be scanned for plugin executables.

#### `scheme` configuration

`scheme` must be a map of (case insensitive) scheme names to configuration
entries for those schemes. A configuration entry is a map of parameter names to
corresponding parameter values. For example:

```yaml
scheme:
  my_scheme_name:
    foo: 1
    bar: "baz"
```

Parameter values must be either strings, integers or booleans. Bytes values are
also supported as either raw base64-encoded strings, `my_param: "3q2+7w=="`, or
as YAML `!!binary` directives, `my_param: !!binary "3q2+7w=="`.

Valid parameter names, and corresponding expected value types, are
scheme-specific. Please refer to scheme documentation if it exists, otherwise

> assume that no parameters are supported (which is the case for most existing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assume that no parameters are provided/supplied (which is the case for most existing
```

Author: I don't think this is correct. What parameters provided/supplied is the function of the config file, no of the scheme implementation. Nothings stops me from providing/ supplying parameters for ARM_CCA in the config; they will just be ignored since ARM_CCA doesn't support any.

I think "supported" is correct here, but I can change to "expected" if you prefer?

Reviewer: Sure thanks, expected sounds more reasonable but I agree, with your explaination.
